PROJECT OVERVIEW

  So how does this work?  Any Metaflask member is free to manage his or
  her projects here or correct information about other projects.  They
  can also add other people's projects for consistency.

  For instance flask extensions can be documented here as well.

  The projects/ folder here acts as a central register of projects that
  we know exists.  Most of the format is freeform with the exception of
  the following:

    README/README.md/README.rst
      this needs to exist in the project to explain it a little bit.

    META
      A file with mime information with the most important details about
      the project.  The following keys are currently known (and most keys
      can appear multiple times for multiple values):

        Name: the name of the project
        Website: the URL to the website of the project
        Github: the location of the repository on github
        Bitbucket: the location of the repository on bitbucket
        PyPI: the name of the package on PyPI if it exists
        License: the short license code.
        Status: the status of the project.  "active" / "inactive" /
                "unknown"
        Bugtracker: the URL to the bug tracker
        Mailinglist: the URL to the mailinglist information page
        Documentation: the URL to the documentation

    EXTENSION_STATUS
      If a project is a Flask extension this file defines the state of
      the extension similar to the META file.  The following keys exist:

        Approved: yes/no
        Approval-Date: when it was approved (time format should be
                       HTTP date format or "time immemorial" if it
                       has been long in the past and nobody quite
                       remembers since when any more)

      The payload of the file can be used for various notes.

    PROJECT_LEAD
      A file with mime information about the author.  Same format as for
      the members on the toplevel.  If the lead of the project is indeed
      a member of the Metaflask team then this should be a symlink
      instead.

    stewardship
      If there are Metaflask members that either own the project or want
      to act as stewards for the project they should symlink themselves
      into it.  All projects listed on Metaflask need at least one
      steward.

      For responsibilities see the toplevel README.

    resources
      Free-form resources relevant to the project itself should be placed
      there.  For instance information about code style and various notes
      go there.

    peps
      PEPs are "Project Enhancement Proposals" and they work like Python
      peps roughly.  A bit more free form but essentially they should be
      enumerated like other things and be used for proposing larger
      changes to the project, anything that needs discussion really.
