
                          M E T A F L A S K

  What is Metaflask?

    Metaflask is the informal "Flask Software Foundation".  It's the
    closest equivalent to stewardship that Flask has and currently
    starting up.

  What does it do?

    The Metaflask project's aim is to ensure that the Flask ecosystem
    does not suffer from abandoned extensions or problems in Flask
    itself.  As a purely virtual organization without legal power it
    does not do anything fancy other than acting as a central space
    where discussions about Flask can be held in a structured way.

  How is it structured?

    The Metaflask project is a meritocracy with each project maintained
    through the Metaflask project being a dictatorship.  As such the
    Metaflask project does not really have a clear form of governance.
    It is whatever the members of the project decide it is.

  Who are the members?

    For the current members have a look at the members folder in the
    same repository.

  How do I become a member?

    The way to become a member is to open an issue on this repository
    with the request to join it.  Currently you have to fulfil one of
    the following criteria:

      * be a Flask developer
      * be a Flask extension maintainer
      * be a future Flask extension maintainer

    Whether you are accepted as member or not is arbitrary and the decision
    is made in an even more arbitrary process by the members of
    Metaflask.  Rejections can be challenged by flamewars on the closed
    issue.

  What privileges do members have?

    Members do not have any implied privileges as such.  Primarily they
    get write access to this repository.

  Why would I want to become a member?

    Raise the bus factor of Flask and the ecosystem and of course to
    gain fame :)

  What is a Stewardship?

    Previously we had the problem that the extension registry did not
    scale well.  The idea of stewardship is that for each project that
    is listed in the projects/ folder there is at least one Metaflask
    member that acts as a steward for that project so that the extension
    index and similar things stays active.

  What are a Steward's responsibilities?

    A Steward is primarily responsible for keeping the record of the
    project in this repository active.  If they are the maintainers or
    developers of that project they are responsible for the project as
    such, if they just act as the index maintainer they are required to
    ensure that the project status is kept updated regularly.

    Primarily if a project becomes insecure, broken or unmaintained the
    Steward is responsible for flagging it in the repository and
    communicating this through the issue tracker so that a replacement
    can be found or the project can be marked inactive to warn users.

  Why is this a repo?

    ... instead of a wiki for instance.  The main reason is that it should
    be possible to work with this as if it was a regular repository so
    go through pull requests and other methods.  It also should eventually
    act as the source for certain parts of the Flask website.
